1.6 release notes plus service account upgrade (#56423)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/release_notes/v-1.6.md

![Connector Builder UI showing an async stream with separate tabs for Creation, Polling, Download, and Schema](assets/1-6-asynchronous-streams.png)

#### GraphQL request body

You can write request bodies as free form GraphQL queries with built-in syntax validation.

![Connector Builder UI showing a GraphQL query in the request body](assets/1-6-graphql.png)

#### Handle CSV, gzip, and ZIP response formats

Airbyte has two new ways to handle API responses in the Connector Builder.

- **CSV decoding**: Make requests to sources that respond in CSV format and set expected delimiter and encoding options.

- **Nested decoding**. Make requests to sources that respond with compressed `gzip` or `zip` files, then set a nested decoding option to handle the unzipped contents within.

[**Learn More >**](../connector-development/connector-builder-ui/record-processing/#response-decoding)

![A stream that returns a zip file with a CSV inside](assets/1-6-decoders.png)

> ### Create custom connectors from YAML or Docker images

Reviewer: Maybe specify that those are new API endpoints in the title.

Are they available in TF? if so we should probably mention it there.

Reviewer 2: @ian-at-airbyte agree -- lets add 'in the API'. In the description, let's add it's available in terraform too, and just link to the terraform provider (we don't need to provide exact instructions)

- `GET` /workspaces/`{workspaceId}`/definitions/destinations/`{definitionId}` - Get a specific destination definition
- `PUT` /workspaces/`{workspaceId}`/definitions/destinations/`{definitionId}` - Update a specific destination definition
- `DELETE` /workspaces/`{workspaceId}`/definitions/destinations/`{definitionId}` - Delete a specific destination definition

You can't use these endpoints to modify Airbyte's public connector definitions. If you're using the Cloud version of Airbyte, you can only create or modify custom connectors using a YAML manifest.

[**API reference docs >**](https://reference.airbyte.com/reference/getting-started#/)

[**Terraform reference docs >**](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/airbytehq/airbyte/latest/docs)

## 🚀 Self-Managed Enterprise changes

These changes bring new capabilities to Airbyte's Self-Managed Enterprise customers.

:::danger Breaking Change
Before upgrading from version 1.5.1 or earlier, you must upgrade your service account permissions. If you don't, Airbyte doesn't permit you to begin the upgrade. [Learn more](../enterprise-setup/upgrade-service-account.md).
:::

> ### Deploy Airbyte in multiple regions

Reviewer 2: Can we use `across`? Or `Multi-Region Airbyte Deployments`? 

You can deploy Airbyte in multiple regions today with separate deployments

> Data residency is here! Self-Managed Enterprise customers can now use the public API to define regions and create independent data planes to operate in those regions. Each Airbyte workspace runs in one region, ensuring your workspaces move data in the region of your choice. You can use the API or the Organization Settings in Airbyte's UI to identify the region associated with each of your workspaces, ensuring you're satisfying your data residency and governance requirements. <!--[**Learn more >**](../enterprise-setup/multi-region)-->

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Self-Managed Enterprise customers can now build data pipelines across multiple isolated regions (data planes), all governed from a single Airbyte deployment. For each Airbyte workspace, you can select the region where syncs run—ensuring pipelines spin up in specific physical locations. This enables you to meet compliance needs, run across different cloud vendors, and reduce cross-region egress fees. Region and data plane configuration is available via the public API, and the Organization Settings in the UI help you easily identify the region associated with each workspace. <!--[**Learn more >**](../enterprise-setup/multi-region)-->
```
